Add Java sample app content to OIE embedded auth with SDK and SIW sample app guide 2 (#2319)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-alternate-flows/main/java/getuserprofile.md

Using the `TokenResponse` obtained from `IDXAuthenticationWrapper`'s `authenticate`

> method, make a request to the following endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method, make a request to the `/v1/userinfo` endpoint:
```
